the movie starts and we know about the
life of chuck noland who was trapped on
an island he remained there for four
years the scene starts in a company and
we notice chuck he takes his work
seriously officer wants that every
courier should be received on time he
visits out of the country for this
reason
there are company branches and he
receives appreciation from employees he
tells them the value of time chuck is in
love with a girl named kelly their
relationship is strong so willing to
marry but they cannot marry because of
the busy routine of business christmas
is being near and chuck has a business
tour in malaysia he has to go in case of
company work chukka shows kelly that he
will return back on new year kelly says
how will i spend my christmas chuck
takes her consent chuck and kelly give
each other christmas kelly gifts him a
watch in which kelly's photo is fixed
now chuck departs to malaysia but a
storm burst out and his aircraft is
crashed and it is a private aircraft of
the company there are also four more
persons in the aircraft and this
aircraft crashed down into pacific ocean
only chuck is survived who is flowed
with the running water of the sea waking
up in the morning he finds himself in
air raft chuck is worried seeing no one
in the surroundings chuck calls there
but there is no mark of human being he
writes a big text help on the ground so
that any overhead passing aircraft may
come to help
knight falls and he sleeps
waking up in the next morning he checks
that his written word help has removed
now he writes using a wooden piece he is
assured that someone will come for his
help noticing this mark they will move
here now chuck feels appetite but he
gets nothing in the flowed packages of
company now chuck hears a sound of
something
looking in his surroundings he observes
a fallen coconut he comes to know that
it is the sound of coconut he gets
nothing except coconut drink he survives
by drinking it chuck has passed three
days here his feet are also injured
because of the lying rocks in the sea he
is barefooted cutting his pant half he
wraps its piece around his feet so that
he may avoid pain there he notices a
peak of a mountain he decides to climb
it up at any cost he thinks the
possibility of climbing it up and
estimating he is able to reach that peak
successfully now he notices something
swimming in the sea coming down he is
left astonished that it was the dead
body of his aircraft pilot he weeps a
lot and arranges his burial but before
bearing he keeps his torchlight and
shoes he was habituated to live on this
island he survives drinking the fallen
you drop on leaves he wants to catch the
fish but cannot succeed he does not get
anything except dewdrops and coconut
drink he depends on them while eating
seeing a ship in the sea at night he is
overexcited he turns on the lights of
torch calling but all in vain
next day he decides to leave the island
taking the raft that he had he had known
there is no one while escaping he is
drowned into the sea because of the
strong speedy waves of the sea meanwhile
his foot is wounded and also bleeds
chuck returns back and rain also starts
noticing a cave he moves inside to spend
the night there he turns on the torch
turning on the torch the whole night its
battery is load he has nothing like a
torch for light even he does not know
how the fire ignited now he comes back
and gets a few things in the company
package which was flowed with him
opening it he only finds one or two
useful things for him escaping shoes
which have blades at its below side he
cuts the coconut with it easily now he
can cut anything he cuts a wooden stick
shaping it pointy he catches the fish he
cannot eat the raw fish so tries his
best to light the fire but in vain chuck
hits upon a plan as rubbing two woods he
may be successful and it happens the
same as getting success
first time he feels happiness coming on
the beach a football is also being seen
by chuck in the company packaging that
attained chuck's blood he makes eyes
nose and lips on it with his hand
shaping it to human face making him his
friend he converses with him and keeps
it beside the fire for drying he names
it wilson there is one more problem
aroused there which is his toothache it
is a chronic pain but he never checks it
up now chuck wants to pull the tooth and
does and he is fainted with it he spends
four years on the island with the
passage of time he knows the way of
survival within four years his
appearance is deteriorated with the
growing hair of his beard and head he
seems feeble he was trained too much to
catch the fish throwing a stick chuck
had become the close friend of wilson
with whom he used to talk
while eating the fish he hears a sound
one day seeing there he discovers a
steel sheet and he hits upon an idea as
through this help he can escape from
here whenever he tries to escape but sea
waves become the hindrance while
escaping now he makes a boat cutting the
wood of coconut and he fixes the steel
sheet at its front
whereas making a boat was not an easy
task but he decides to escape when the
air will be mild he fixes the steel
sheet frontwards so that he may push the
water through it sitting in the boat and
he may move ahead putting wilson in the
boat he sails he faces the big waves in
the voyage but the sea distance still
remained he does not know that when will
the land be visible he was optimistic of
reaching at house but it was not a child
play he has to face the worst
circumstance in the voyage he arranges
the edible things he saves fish as food
while rain water for drinking he gathers
the rain water in the coconut shell he
keeps them safe to use it in difficult
times
at first sight chuck's football that is
his friend wilson is fallen into the sea
it has crossed a distance when he knows
about it
jumping into the water he exerts to save
wilson but unsucceeded returning back
into the raft he weeps a lot wilson had
accompanied him within these four years
chuck had become touchy with it because
it was not just a football for him so he
is saddened because of this loss
now chuck was very tired after the
voyage of many days and a ship passes
before his raft the sailor saves him
after seeing chuck was returned back but
notices the change his friends and
relatives had thought that he was no
more and his beloved friend kelly was
married now she also has a daughter
chuck goes to meet her and she embraces
him feeling pleasure now kelly is
married so everything is useless their
ways are separated chuck returns the
given watch of jelly because it is
kelly's family watch he keeps the photo
of the watch
kelly says to him you had promised me to
return back
apologizing he is nearly to go kelly is
still in love with chuck but she has her
own family so she cannot go kelly has
the gifted car of chuck she returns it
back and chuck leaves taking this car
seeing him kelly becomes sad and runs
after him consequently chuck also
returns and they embrace each other
kelly tells him i know that you are
alive and surely will return but i had
to marry under the pressure of everyone
they expressed their love for each other
chuck drops her at her house lifting in
the car he says that i do not want to
break your relationship now chuck is
sitting with his friend and tells him
that i had also tried to commit suicide
on the beach while executing myself the
thought of kelly had touched my thought
that i have to go to her returning back
i knew that i have lost her time taught
kelly to choose her life direction and
she got married now chuck was left alone
but life has to move on at the end chuck
has a left package which he brings from
the island after drowning the aircraft
many packages come on the shore of the
sea he thinks to open them after
returning to the house but he does not
do as such he comes back to return the
package but finds no one writing a paper
note he leaves at the door on which the
statement is this package saved my life
then he leaves from there now we notice
chuck on the muddy way where he is
looking at a map
where should he go the coming girl tells
him the
her car has the same wing mark that a
package has now chuck pursues her and
she goes to the same house where chuck
had left a paper note she has also lost
her partner the unity of chuck and
bettina may be possible in future chuck
has the ray of hope in his eyes and the
film story ends here subscribe to movies
inspired for more videos and click the
bell icon to encourage us
like and share the video let us know
what you think by commenting